**Communication over a noisy channel.** A source transmits a message (a string of symbols) over a noisy communication channel. Each symbol is 0 or 1 with probability p and 1−p, respectively, and is received incorrectly with probability ϵ0 and ϵ1, respectively (see the figure below). Errors in different symbol transmissions are independent.

![On the left there are two points. The top one is labeled 0; and the bottom one is labeled 1. On the right, there are also two points, again with the top one labeled 0 and the bottom one labeled 1. Each point on the left connected to the each point on the right by a line; hence, a total of four lines. The line connecting the left 0 to right 1 is labeled epsilon_0; the line connecting the left 0 to right 0 is entitled 1-epsilon_0; the line connecting the left 1 to right 0 is labeled epsilon_1; and the line connecting the left 1 to right 1 is entitled 1-epsilon_1.](D:\Study\Mooc\6.431x\Unit 2 Conditioning and independence\Solved problems\images_Pr_1_7abd.jpg)

(a) What is the probability that the kth symbol is received correctly?

(b) What is the probability that the string of symbols 1011 is received correctly? 

(c) In an effort to improve reliability, each symbol is transmitted three times and the received string is decoded by majority rule. In other words, a 0 (or 1) is transmitted as 000 (or 111, respectively), and it is decoded at the receiver as a 0 (or 1) if and only if the received three-symbol string contains at least two 0's (or 1's, respectively). What is the probability that a 0 is correctly decoded?

(d) For what values of ϵ0 is there an improvement in the probability of correct decoding of a 0 when the scheme of part (c) is used? 

(e) Suppose that the scheme of part (c) is used. What is the probability that a symbol was 0 given that the received string is 101?